feat: [MLT-31] Editor Agent Response type (#130)
encord-team/encord-agents: docs/editor_agents/spec.md

Additionally when registering your editor agent in the platform at: [Editor Agents](https://app.encord.com/agents/editor-agents?limit=10){ target="\_blank", rel="noopener noreferrer" }, you can test your agent via a test payload. We will appropriately check that your agent has access to the associated project, data item if you modify the payload, otherwise we will send a distinguished Header: `X-Encord-Editor-Agent` which will automatically respond appropriately. This allows you to test that you have deployed your agent appropriately and that your session can see the Agent (all requests to your agent are made from your browser session rather than the Encord backend) and additionally, you can test that it works on particular projects.

### Response

> We offer a [`EditorAgentResponse`](../reference/core.md#encord_agents.core.data_model.EditorAgentResponse) type for which we will show that response in the platform. This makes your agents more interactive and more informative. Suppose that your agent labelled a polygon as opposed to a bounding box for a certain reason. This reason can be communicated to the user in the platform that prompted the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We offer an [`EditorAgentResponse`](../reference/core.md#encord_agents.core.data_model.EditorAgentResponse) type for which we will show that response in the platform. 
This makes your agents more interactive and more informative. 
When, for example, the label state does not conform with the expectation of the editor agent or function of the agent is to check the validity of the current labels, the response type offers a way to communicate that to the annotator.
```
